1	 'quarries: '	on sale 			4				risultati
	 DCG = 3 					3848 	 This album was on sale at my local christian book store and was available to listen to samples via the barcode. I've never heard of Skillet before and I listen to a couple of contemporary Christian FM channels too. Guess I lived under a rock but now I see the light! My son has played cello since the 4th grade so the orchestral accompaniment on some of the tracks ROCKED! This music appeals to both young and not-as-young alike!
	 DCG = 1 					14516 	 I got this for my grandson on car rides. He seems to like it...no more crying! We'll eventually dance and sing along. Fun music! 
	 DCG = 1 					7578 	 I thoroughly enjoyed this DVD!  I would recommend this to anyone who loves to sing along with the old classics. 
	 DCG = 1 					17015 	 As a mom, this is one of my favorite Sesame Street videos and my two-year-old also loves it. Grover is my favorite character and I bought the video because Grover is featured on the cover. I love Grover's interactions with the "blue man" ...they are so funny. Along with Grover and the "blue man", there are great songs and videos of children eating and playing. Some of our favorites are... "blueberry mouths" and "cereal girl" . Excellent video!! 
2	 'quarries: '	growing AND kids			11				risultati
	 DCG = 1 					7819 	 The performance was excellent and produced well, this would be a terrific cross-over to allow people who think they don't like opera to see that they might like it more than they think. This purchase was from a 'used' source and I would comment that while the disc itself was in good condition the outer box was very rough. 
	 DCG = 2 					1182 	 The movie is a little old (it's still in SD) and I wish the dude wore something other than a blue shirt to every single visit he made, but the things he does to help soothe a baby seem legit. We're expecting our first child soon and will definitely be trying all his techniques for the "4th trimester".
	 DCG = 1 					15208 	 This is a really good take on the original A Christmas Carol. I liked this version and Henry Winkler does a fine job!!! 
	 DCG = 1 					3232 	 A bit different than the movie which was delightful, this soundtrack remains very loyal to the original. 
	 DCG = 2 					1109 	 This movie is a great addition to reading Dr. Karp's book.  Seeing actual parents and babies going through the five S's was very helpful to me and my wife.  We've already started using the techniques with our newborn and it is so impressive when she "turns off" and is quiet and content,  often falling to sleep very quickly.  Her Nana stopped by today and her jaw dropped when she saw my wife soothe our screaming baby in seconds.  Definitely recommended whether or not you read the book!
	 DCG = 1 					3833 	 I loved seeing RED in concert in cleveland and looked up their cd on amazon. I saw Skillet and that they were rated 4.5 stars. I listened to skillet's music from both cd's and was turned off when the singer opened his mouth. The music was good, but the singer should not be in this type of band. 
	 DCG = 1 					16889 	 Wendy Stevens is a masterful communicator. With her clear step-by-step presentation she turns a subject that can be daunting to many into a marketing tool you can use in your business right away. This is THE internet marketing tool to own. 
	 DCG = 2 					1418 	 We got the book and watched the 1 hour movie and man it changed how we dealt with and understood our newborn.  We had an amazing baby by anyones standards, not fussy at all.  But this book really just helped us understand what our baby was going through and helped us sooth her, I will get this for anyone I know that is having a new baby it's great.
	 DCG = 1 					440 	 TSO blends two types of music that I love - metal and Christmas. I listen to this CD and The Christmas Attic over and over again. If you want to get chills from a Christmas song, listen to Christmas Eve Sarajevo 12/24. If you want to have tears in your eyes from a Christmas song, listen to The Christmas Canon. I just recently discovered that TSO's alter ego is Savatage. Well, I'm going to check them out too! 
	 DCG = 2 					26813 	 great classic movie. I always enjoy this one. we watched this movie to help my daughter get ready for the Annie Kids play she was performing in.
	 DCG = 1 					2440 	 I've only listened to it once but they're great and a couple of songs on there will really get to you. 
3	 'quarries: '	bad packing			5				risultati
	 DCG = 1 					4988 	 This is the best live stuff from SRV that I have seen.  He is #1 on my top guitarists list of all time!  Anyone who is tempting to buy it should just buy it.  It is something you won't regret.  One of his best guitar solos  ever is on this tape in "Texas Flood".  Sound quality is also  excellent.  BUY IT! 
	 DCG = 1 					7216 	 I doubt I will watch another movie from Ghost House.  This was slow, acting was bad, and you had to guess sometimes as to what was happening.  What a disapointment. 
	 DCG = 1 					25314 	 Story begins with the suicide attempt of a sister and the brother must work with her therapist to unravel the mystery of her dark emotional past.  Without spoiling the ending, I must say there were many flashbacks in this movie to help the viewer discover the dark secret.  Unrealistic is the romantic adventure between the brother and the therapist, but hey, the movie would be bland without a little bedroom scene. 
	 DCG = 1 					16928 	 The information provided in these DVDs will improve the knowledge of the Internet Marketers who choose to utilize Google for their business.  Your confidence will improve once you take the time to view the information provided by Wendy.  Thank you Wendy for the valuable information.  By Ellery Bennett [...] 
	 DCG = 1 					15208 	 This is a really good take on the original A Christmas Carol. I liked this version and Henry Winkler does a fine job!!! 
4	 'quarries: '	worth buying			5				risultati
	 DCG = 3 					4988 	 This is the best live stuff from SRV that I have seen.  He is #1 on my top guitarists list of all time!  Anyone who is tempting to buy it should just buy it.  It is something you won't regret.  One of his best guitar solos  ever is on this tape in "Texas Flood".  Sound quality is also  excellent.  BUY IT!
	 DCG = 3 					13425 	 Although Niki Nana is not much seintillating as other Yanni albums,"Someday" is really Unbelieveable!!!! This track is really worth a million. I think,it shows some of the finest sounds Yanni has ever  created. Go and buy this album,"Someday" will really touch your  heart.
	 DCG = 1 					15879 	 This is an incredible telling of the story of Joseph and the roller coaster ride on which he rode.  One of many Biblical Old Testament stories made by Turner Films and this is of very high quality.  Not the wooden-like acting which is not uncommon in Biblical story telling in some past films.  This is first-class and definitely worth 5 stars. 
	 DCG = 2 					30416 	 kind of silly-------would not buy it
	 DCG = 2 					27914 	 Classic movie.  I cant believe it took me so long to buy this.  Glad I finally did
5	 'quarries: '	background music			16				risultati
	 DCG = 3 	 				2305 	 This is the second CD I have in the "Calming Collection" CD series by Roberta Shapiro and I really like it a lot.  I've never listened to a CD like this before and was pleasantly surprised by how effective it has been in helping me to quiet my mind.  Her voice is so soothing and the music playing in the background has such a calming effect you can't help but relax. I highly recommend this CD as well as the others in her series.
	 DCG = 3 					13718 	 I have bought this item multiple times in tape, CD and even in album form it is so good. A classic. I have given it away so many times only to repurchase it again and again.  The most soothing and calming saxophone ever...  every cut is good.  I have been listening to this album since the early 80's. Perfect background music.
	 DCG = 2 					3833 	 I loved seeing RED in concert in cleveland and looked up their cd on amazon. I saw Skillet and that they were rated 4.5 stars. I listened to skillet's music from both cd's and was turned off when the singer opened his mouth. The music was good, but the singer should not be in this type of band.
	 DCG = 2 					4685 	 Bob Marley's Legend video compilation is one of the best UMD discs in the entire catalog and a record of musical history that has yet to be matched. Watching these discs on the Sony PSP made for easy entertainment on demand, with excellent picture and sound quality! It made me wish they had issued more of these types of titles.
	 DCG = 2 					14516 	 I got this for my grandson on car rides. He seems to like it...no more crying! We'll eventually dance and sing along. Fun music!
	 DCG = 2 					6602 	 This should be an eye opener to all on the complexity of their music.
	 DCG = 2 					7390 	 IF YOU LOVE LISTENING TO FLEETWOOD MAC, THEN YOU'LL LOVE WATCHING THEM SING YOUR FAVORITE SONGS. THERE'RE TWO VERSION ON THIS DVD. SO YOU HAVE A CHOICE ON HOW YOU LIKE YOUR MUSIC TO SOUND.
	 DCG = 1 					28829 	 Great old time musical classic. Both kids and grown-ups can enjoy the movie..! Easy to watch and entertaining for the kids. 
	 DCG = 2 					13923 	 This is a great CD. This music was wonderful when it first came out and it is still great. It's one of my all time favorites.
	 DCG = 2 					3848 	 This album was on sale at my local christian book store and was available to listen to samples via the barcode. I've never heard of Skillet before and I listen to a couple of contemporary Christian FM channels too. Guess I lived under a rock but now I see the light! My son has played cello since the 4th grade so the orchestral accompaniment on some of the tracks ROCKED! This music appeals to both young and not-as-young alike!
	 DCG = 3 					440 	 TSO blends two types of music that I love - metal and Christmas. I listen to this CD and The Christmas Attic over and over again. If you want to get chills from a Christmas song, listen to Christmas Eve Sarajevo 12/24. If you want to have tears in your eyes from a Christmas song, listen to The Christmas Canon. I just recently discovered that TSO's alter ego is Savatage. Well, I'm going to check them out too!
	 DCG = 2 					10524 	 One of the last shows together that was recorded and made widely available.  Timeless journey through their entire careers.  Some new music and all the classics.  Great show
	 DCG = 1 					11287 	 Thoroughly enjoyable DVD. I have long followed the skaters and skating shows. So I am familiar with the cast of this show. The addition of Mannheim Steamroller music adds to its uniqueness. I bought a sample of this DVD last year and decided I must have the complete show. Well executed wih a cute story line. Randy Gardner's choreography is amazing. 
	 DCG = 2 					3 	 I bought this on cassette tape in the 80's. So inspirational to me back then. Came across it again and needed to be uplifted! Keith Green's music still works magic. I bought CD's for my girls to play in their cars
	 DCG = 2 					7989 	 I thought I had added  a review,  so here it is. IT IS SUPERB, THE BEST GUITAR PLAYERS IN THE UNIVERSE, GREAT MUSIC, GREAT SINGING, and his back ups. The one and only James Burton, played for Elvis and others, Elvis Costello, Bruce Springsteen, Bonnie Rait, and others. Great, great entertainment starting and ending with Roy Orbison, a fantastic talented singer and equally fantastic as a musician.
	 DCG = 2 					13980 	 I wanted hotel california and I got it. It's got other surprises sound wise, and deep lyrics. Good music group.
6	 'quarries: '	amazing animation			3				risultati
	 DCG = 1 					1418 	 We got the book and watched the 1 hour movie and man it changed how we dealt with and understood our newborn.  We had an amazing baby by anyones standards, not fussy at all.  But this book really just helped us understand what our baby was going through and helped us sooth her, I will get this for anyone I know that is having a new baby it's great. 
	 DCG = 1 					20350 	 Cool movie, good dialogue.  I gave it one less star because I didn't find it amazing. 
	 DCG = 2 					11287 	 Thoroughly enjoyable DVD. I have long followed the skaters and skating shows. So I am familiar with the cast of this show. The addition of Mannheim Steamroller music adds to its uniqueness. I bought a sample of this DVD last year and decided I must have the complete show. Well executed wih a cute story line. Randy Gardner's choreography is amazing.
7	 'quarries: '	shipping time			10				risultati
	 DCG = 1 					13718 	 I have bought this item multiple times in tape, CD and even in album form it is so good. A classic. I have given it away so many times only to repurchase it again and again.  The most soothing and calming saxophone ever...  every cut is good.  I have been listening to this album since the early 80's. Perfect background music. 
	 DCG = 1 					16928 	 The information provided in these DVDs will improve the knowledge of the Internet Marketers who choose to utilize Google for their business.  Your confidence will improve once you take the time to view the information provided by Wendy.  Thank you Wendy for the valuable information.  By Ellery Bennett [...] 
	 DCG = 1 					4988 	 This is the best live stuff from SRV that I have seen.  He is #1 on my top guitarists list of all time!  Anyone who is tempting to buy it should just buy it.  It is something you won't regret.  One of his best guitar solos  ever is on this tape in "Texas Flood".  Sound quality is also  excellent.  BUY IT! 
	 DCG = 1 					4845 	 Wow, wow and wow! Holy mother of pearl. Awesome performance by one of the guitar greats. I don't believe those Canadiens realized what they were witnessing at the time. Pure greatness. He opens up the show with an instrumental called "Testify". One of, if not my favorite tunes from SRV. Great DVD all around. 
	 DCG = 1 					9493 	 Long-time Moodies fan here.  This is a fantastic trip down memory lane.  Not really much to add to all the other reviews, but we love this DVD and the memories it conjures...wish we could go back and do it all over again.  Highly recommended! 
	 DCG = 1 					28829 	 Great old time musical classic. Both kids and grown-ups can enjoy the movie..! Easy to watch and entertaining for the kids. 
	 DCG = 1 					13923 	 This is a great CD. This music was wonderful when it first came out and it is still great. It's one of my all time favorites. 
	 DCG = 3 					19246 	 Arrived on time and my daughter loves it:)
	 DCG = 1 					30840 	 One of the greatest movies of all time ... but it is definitely a "boy" movie. Tested it on my kids: son loved it; daughter hated it. 
	 DCG = 1 					25219 	 It was pretty good but I don't care for Barbara, but like Nick Nolte, not one of the movies we've watched more that a time or two. 
8	 'quarries: '	faithful to the book			6				risultati
	 DCG = 3 					1109 	 This movie is a great addition to reading Dr. Karp's book.  Seeing actual parents and babies going through the five S's was very helpful to me and my wife.  We've already started using the techniques with our newborn and it is so impressive when she "turns off" and is quiet and content,  often falling to sleep very quickly.  Her Nana stopped by today and her jaw dropped when she saw my wife soothe our screaming baby in seconds.  Definitely recommended whether or not you read the book!
	 DCG = 2 					1418 	 We got the book and watched the 1 hour movie and man it changed how we dealt with and understood our newborn.  We had an amazing baby by anyones standards, not fussy at all.  But this book really just helped us understand what our baby was going through and helped us sooth her, I will get this for anyone I know that is having a new baby it's great.
	 DCG = 1 					4685 	 Bob Marley's Legend video compilation is one of the best UMD discs in the entire catalog and a record of musical history that has yet to be matched. Watching these discs on the Sony PSP made for easy entertainment on demand, with excellent picture and sound quality! It made me wish they had issued more of these types of titles. 
	 DCG = 1 					8798 	 great writing,great recording,great playing. one of my most listened to albums and artist. a new and different sound. fantastic!!! 
	 DCG = 1 					3848 	 This album was on sale at my local christian book store and was available to listen to samples via the barcode. I've never heard of Skillet before and I listen to a couple of contemporary Christian FM channels too. Guess I lived under a rock but now I see the light! My son has played cello since the 4th grade so the orchestral accompaniment on some of the tracks ROCKED! This music appeals to both young and not-as-young alike! 
	 DCG = 1 					10524 	 One of the last shows together that was recorded and made widely available.  Timeless journey through their entire careers.  Some new music and all the classics.  Great show 
9	 'quarries: '	strong  female lead			21				risultati
	 DCG = 1 					14271 	 Paul McCartney's second solo album after the breakup of the Beatles offers an energetic collection for any die-hard McCartney fan.  This album is not Paul's best work, but it is still a classic with the inclusion of such  timeless songs as "Uncle Albert/Admiral Halsey" and "Dear  Boy."  The inclusion of "Another Day" as a bonus track makes  the album even better.  I highly recomend this album to any Beatle or Paul  McCartney fan. 
	 DCG = 2 					13425 	 Although Niki Nana is not much seintillating as other Yanni albums,"Someday" is really Unbelieveable!!!! This track is really worth a million. I think,it shows some of the finest sounds Yanni has ever  created. Go and buy this album,"Someday" will really touch your  heart.
	 DCG = 1 					1133 	 A must have for new parents.  Whether you use all or just 1 of these tips - it is beneficial. 
	 DCG = 1 					4988 	 This is the best live stuff from SRV that I have seen.  He is #1 on my top guitarists list of all time!  Anyone who is tempting to buy it should just buy it.  It is something you won't regret.  One of his best guitar solos  ever is on this tape in "Texas Flood".  Sound quality is also  excellent.  BUY IT! 
	 DCG = 1 					16663 	 I have been doing the exercises and am seeing results. Thanks. 
	 DCG = 1 					24409 	 This little flick has been one of my guilty pleasures ever since childhood.  It is not the greatest movie ever made, but it does deliver on its promise to scare, titillate, and tickle.  Add this 80's classic to the list of really fun B-movies: Flash Gordon, Lost Boys, Buckaroo Bonzai, Vamp, Easy Money, American Werewolf in London, Motel Hell . . . ah, those were the days.  Rather than repeat what many viewers have already said, I'll just give you my favorite scene: Evil Ed, Pencil in the Head. 
	 DCG = 3 					21093 	 I would recommend that all women watch "Steel Magnolias".  These women are strong.  They are a reflection of all women.
	 DCG = 1 					16928 	 The information provided in these DVDs will improve the knowledge of the Internet Marketers who choose to utilize Google for their business.  Your confidence will improve once you take the time to view the information provided by Wendy.  Thank you Wendy for the valuable information.  By Ellery Bennett [...] 
	 DCG = 1 					15208 	 This is a really good take on the original A Christmas Carol. I liked this version and Henry Winkler does a fine job!!! 
	 DCG = 1 					23359 	 Great movie. Wes Anderson's first film is definitely a success. It is not like his other movies set wise but it is still a classic. 5 stars 
	 DCG = 1 					15879 	 This is an incredible telling of the story of Joseph and the roller coaster ride on which he rode.  One of many Biblical Old Testament stories made by Turner Films and this is of very high quality.  Not the wooden-like acting which is not uncommon in Biblical story telling in some past films.  This is first-class and definitely worth 5 stars. 
	 DCG = 1 					20350 	 Cool movie, good dialogue.  I gave it one less star because I didn't find it amazing. 
	 DCG = 1 					3833 	 I loved seeing RED in concert in cleveland and looked up their cd on amazon. I saw Skillet and that they were rated 4.5 stars. I listened to skillet's music from both cd's and was turned off when the singer opened his mouth. The music was good, but the singer should not be in this type of band. 
	 DCG = 1 					6830 	 track listings: what have you done for me lately, nasty, when i think of you, control, let's wait awhile, the pleasure principle, miss you much, rhythm nation, escapade, alright, come back to me, black cat, love will never do/without you, that's the way love goes, whoops now, & runaway. 
	 DCG = 1 					3848 	 This album was on sale at my local christian book store and was available to listen to samples via the barcode. I've never heard of Skillet before and I listen to a couple of contemporary Christian FM channels too. Guess I lived under a rock but now I see the light! My son has played cello since the 4th grade so the orchestral accompaniment on some of the tracks ROCKED! This music appeals to both young and not-as-young alike! 
	 DCG = 1 					8350 	 the dolby true hd track on this hd dvd is the best i have ever heard, hands down. my set-up consists of a toshiba hd-a35 player feeding a pure true hd bitstream to a brand new pioneer elite receiver with hdmi 1.3 capability/inputs.  the sound is clean, pure and very lifelike. best of all it has warmth to it and doesn't sound cold or digital like in any way.  anyone who has a desire to hear the full potential of a pure dolby true hd bitstream, must give this disc a play.  enjoy! mark 
	 DCG = 1 					1109 	 This movie is a great addition to reading Dr. Karp's book.  Seeing actual parents and babies going through the five S's was very helpful to me and my wife.  We've already started using the techniques with our newborn and it is so impressive when she "turns off" and is quiet and content,  often falling to sleep very quickly.  Her Nana stopped by today and her jaw dropped when she saw my wife soothe our screaming baby in seconds.  Definitely recommended whether or not you read the book! 
	 DCG = 1 					1418 	 We got the book and watched the 1 hour movie and man it changed how we dealt with and understood our newborn.  We had an amazing baby by anyones standards, not fussy at all.  But this book really just helped us understand what our baby was going through and helped us sooth her, I will get this for anyone I know that is having a new baby it's great. 
	 DCG = 1 					11962 	 I had been looking for this DVD for two years and my niece told me to try Amazon. I did and there you go.. Enjoying my DVD. 
	 DCG = 1 					9493 	 Long-time Moodies fan here.  This is a fantastic trip down memory lane.  Not really much to add to all the other reviews, but we love this DVD and the memories it conjures...wish we could go back and do it all over again.  Highly recommended! 
	 DCG = 1 					440 	 TSO blends two types of music that I love - metal and Christmas. I listen to this CD and The Christmas Attic over and over again. If you want to get chills from a Christmas song, listen to Christmas Eve Sarajevo 12/24. If you want to have tears in your eyes from a Christmas song, listen to The Christmas Canon. I just recently discovered that TSO's alter ego is Savatage. Well, I'm going to check them out too! 
10	 'quarries: '	band OR group			9				risultati
	 DCG = 2 					13980 	 I wanted hotel california and I got it. It's got other surprises sound wise, and deep lyrics. Good music group.
	 DCG = 2 					10287 	 If you love the Band not matter HD, not matter 4:3. You enjoy just because. I seed the video in a project with 130 inch diagonal is like a cinema, look like your in Las Vegas with them. Quality sound. Dts.
	 DCG = 1 					2305 	 This is the second CD I have in the "Calming Collection" CD series by Roberta Shapiro and I really like it a lot.  I've never listened to a CD like this before and was pleasantly surprised by how effective it has been in helping me to quiet my mind.  Her voice is so soothing and the music playing in the background has such a calming effect you can't help but relax. I highly recommend this CD as well as the others in her series. 
	 DCG = 2 					3833 	 I loved seeing RED in concert in cleveland and looked up their cd on amazon. I saw Skillet and that they were rated 4.5 stars. I listened to skillet's music from both cd's and was turned off when the singer opened his mouth. The music was good, but the singer should not be in this type of band.
	 DCG = 1 					26759 	 Lots of fun to watch. Annie makes it happen. 
	 DCG = 1 					23359 	 Great movie. Wes Anderson's first film is definitely a success. It is not like his other movies set wise but it is still a classic. 5 stars 
	 DCG = 1 					13611 	 This disk sets the standard for what SACD can deliver. I have the DVD Audio version and the clarity, sonic balance of the SACD makes the DVD version pale. The mix of surround sound makes it feel like you are in a concert. Excellent Highs and base make this a demo disk to show off your system. 
	 DCG = 1 					17925 	 The distributor really showed their true colors.  Those who had already bought the first several seasons found that the only way they could purchase the last two seasons of the show was to repurchase the disks they already had as part of this boxed set.  From now on we'll just do without until all the seasons are released. 
	 DCG = 1 					8350 	 the dolby true hd track on this hd dvd is the best i have ever heard, hands down. my set-up consists of a toshiba hd-a35 player feeding a pure true hd bitstream to a brand new pioneer elite receiver with hdmi 1.3 capability/inputs.  the sound is clean, pure and very lifelike. best of all it has warmth to it and doesn't sound cold or digital like in any way.  anyone who has a desire to hear the full potential of a pure dolby true hd bitstream, must give this disc a play.  enjoy! mark 
